home connect: Update links for registering an app and logging out (#34508)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/home_connect.markdown

1. Visit [https://developer.home-connect.com](https://developer.home-connect.com) and sign up for a developer account.
2. Enter the email of your login for the original Home Connect App from Bosch/Siemens under "Default Home Connect User Account for Testing" in the sign up process.

> 3. Navigate to the [Applications](https://developer.home-connect.com/applications) page and click on [Register Application](https://developer.home-connect.com/application/add):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the [Applications](https://developer.home-connect.com/applications) page and select [Register Application](https://developer.home-connect.com/application/add):
```

*Important*:
 - **Power on** all your appliances during the integration configuration process; otherwise appliance programs list will be empty.
 - To update the appliance programs list, you can reload the Home Connect integration when an appliance is turned on. If the re-initialization process is not triggered by reload, restart the Home Assistant when an appliance is turned on. 

>  - After performing the steps above [log out](https://developer.home-connect.com/user/logout) of your Home Connect Developer account. If you don't do this, the configuration steps below will fail during OAuth authentication with the message `“error”: “unauthorized_client”`.

Author: The indent is consistent with the other list elements so I'm not accepting this change.

>  - After performing the steps above [log out](https://developer.home-connect.com/user/logout) of your Home Connect Developer account. If you don't do this, the configuration steps below will fail during OAuth authentication with the message `“error”: “unauthorized_client”`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - After performing the steps above, [log out](https://developer.home-connect.com/user/logout) of your Home Connect Developer account. If you don't do this, the configuration steps below will fail during OAuth authentication with the message `“error”: “unauthorized_client”`.
```
